BR: Clarify the explanation of the --concurrency parameter. (#15688)
pingcap/docs: br/use-br-command-line-tool.md

* `--cert`: specifies the path to the SSL certificate in the PEM format.
* `--key`: specifies the path to the SSL certificate key in the PEM format.
* `--status-addr`: specifies the listening address through which `br` provides statistics to Prometheus.

> * `--concurrency`: the number of concurrent tasks during the backup or restore. (If --ratelimit and --concurrency are set simultaneously, BR will ignore --concurrency)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--concurrency`: the number of concurrent tasks during the backup or restore. If `--ratelimit` and `--concurrency` are set simultaneously, BR ignores `--concurrency`.
```
